Unknowing graphs
Pigeon hole principle
Van der Waardens theorem
Ramsey 3
Ramsey 5 and beyond
Erdoss conjecture

	Consider the following graph.  It has 64 vertices, and each pair of vertices is connected by an edge, colored red or blue.  Somewhere in this graph, there is a set of five vertices such that the connecting edges are iether all colored red or all colored blue.  We do not know where this set of vertices is, nor are we clear on the color.  But it exists, watching us.
	One of the main accomplishments of modern mathematics is to clear definitions for ideas that origninate as vague inttuition.  Most people understand the notion of symmetry, event identifying things that are symmetrical vs those that are not.  Simmilarly, most people can identify a smooth curve, and even when a curve is outright broken.  However, being able to define these concepts explicitly, and even being able to use that definition to demonstrate logical conclusikons, is a much more difficult task.  Abstract groups and topology have provided a solid theoretical foundation for each of these concepts.
	The concept of structure is in a similar position. An object having structure makes some intuitive sense.  Comparing objects, the structured ones tend to stand out.  However, a theoretical framework for the concept is still missing, providing fuel for intriguing possibilities.  In the absence of a defined theory, there are disparate approaches to better understand structure.  Ramesey theory is one of the more popular.  
	The general philosophy of Ramsey theory can be stated as follows: suppose you have an object with a high amount of structure.  If you were then to divide that object into a finite number of pieces, then at least one of those pieces must contain structure.  As noted above, this approach lacks general theory, so we approach the question with specific examples.
	The simplest example to consider is a set of elements.  Sets are very general, so the best definition of structure would be the cadinality of the set: say, the more elements a set has, the more strucutre it has.  In order to divide this object, we can simply partition it into a finite number of subsets.  If the strucutre of a set is how many elements it has, then what is the structure of these subsets?
	There are no restrictions on how the set is partitions.  We may place all the elements in on subset, and leave the reaming ones empty.  Ramsey theory is not concerned about all the divided parts; rather, it only cares about one.  In this case, matters are routine.  If the original set had an infinite number of elements, then at least one of the subsets must have a an infinite number of elements.  Such statements ususally have a finite version as well.  Here, if the original set has n elements, and it is divided into k subsets, then one of those subsets must have more than n/k elements.
	Moving to a richer example, we next consider sets of integers.  We can add and multiply integers, so we will use that to describe structure.  An arithmetic progression of length k is a set of integers of the form a+b, a+2b a+kb.  We measure the structure of a set of integers by the longest arithmetic progression within that set.  As with the previous example, we may consider the finite or the infinite case.
	The infinite statement is as expected: given a set with an infinitely long arithmetic progression, we partition the set into a finite number of subsets.  Then one of those subsets must contain a subset of arbitrary length.  Note that, though the original set may contain an infinitely long arithmetic progression, there is no guarentee an infinitely long arithmetic progression will be present in the resulting subsets.  For the finite statement, choose a length k and a quantity n.  Then there exists a natural number V(k,n) such that, given an arithmetic progression of lenght V(k,n) or greater, partitioning into n sets, then at least one set will contain an arithmetic progression of length k.
	The number V(k,n) is known as a Vander Waarden number, and the theorems are collectively known as Van Der Waardens theroem.  What V(k,n) actually looks like will be discused later; at the moment, we demonstrate the theorem for k=2.
	We now turn to graphs.  This was the object that Ramsey himself studied, and where we will find the actual Ramseys Theorem. The notion of structure for graphs is a complete graph.  A complete graph is one where each pair of vertices has an edge.  With this definition, the usual theorems can be stated.  Given an infinite graph where all pairs of vertices are connected by an edge, if we divide the graph into k subgraphs, then there is a subgraph that contains a complete graph with n vertices.  For any number of vertices k and any number of parts n, there exists a number R(k,n) such that, given a complete graph on R(k,n) vertices, if we divide the graph into k subgraphs, one will contain a complete subgraph on k vertices.  The numbers R(k,v) are Ramsey numbers, while the theorems are collectively known as Ramseys theorem.
	To prove the case where n=2, we follow a beautiful apporoach from Erdos.
	