Introduce the Sumset/Product set problem
Prove the result with Szemeredi/Trotter
Prove with crossing lemma
Prove with probabilistic method
Recap
	Consider a set of integers A.  We can define the sumset to be, well, the set of all sums.  We can make some simple observations about the size of A+A.  First, there is a simple surjection from the set of AxA to A+A, so we can assert that A+A is less than n^2.  More refined, since addition is commutative, the size is actually less than n choose 2.  There are no restrictions on the natural numbers we can choose for A, so we can try some basic sets and see how it goes.  Choosing powers of 2, the binary representation shows that no two sums are the same and n choose 2 is actually the largest A+A can get.  On the other end, if we order the elemetns of A as {a1...an}, then every sumset A+A contains the sets {2ai} and {ai + ai-1}.  The sets cant share any elements, the former has n elements and the latter has n -1 elements.  Looking at the set {1...n} then demonstrates that this minimum is indeed acheived.  
	The theory of A+A is quite interesting.  Given the example above, it can be shown that the minimal size 2n+1 is acheived if and only if A is an arithmetic progression.  With a fair amount of work, it can also be shown that if A+A is proportional to n, then A must be a significant portion of a multi-dimensional arithmetic progression.  However, this route would require a definition of multi dimensional arithmetic progression, not to mention what significant portion means.  
	Rather than dive deeper into what the sumset looks like, we instead define the product set as the set of pariwise products.  The conclusions on its cardinality are similar, being less than or equal n choose 2 and greater than or equal to 2n+1.  The spread of each size is quite large, ranging from n to n^2 for each.  Next comes a basic question: what can be said about both of them simultaneously.  There is a conjecture due to Szemereid and Erdos:.  
	Though they were unable to prove the conjecture, they were able to prove a weaker statement.  It is this statement we aim to prove here.
	First, we need a result known as the Szemeredi-Trotter theorem.  Given a number of lines and a number of points, the number of intersections of lines with points is bounded above by the following.  With this result in mind, we consider the following points and lines.  
	We are now left with the Szemeredi-Trotter theorem.  We repeat the same trick with another result from discrete geometry: the crossing lemma.  
	Finally, we need to prove the crossing lemma.  Fortunately, the result we need for this proof is already covered.
	With the proof complete, some history is in order.  All four results were conjectured by Erdos.  Similarly, all four results were proved by Szemered.  However, the proofs presented here were not those employed in the original proofs.  Often in mathematics, we are presented with a clean narative: one result flowing neatly into another, the conclusion obvious after the fact, if only we had the insight of those that came before.  The truth is rarely so clean.  Initial proofs can use obtuse arguments, only to be followed with clarity and simplicity.
	When asked why I enjoyed mathematics, I frequently use this problem as an example.  It only requires an understanding of addition, multiplication, and counting; and yet, a solution is elusive.  