Concrete:
Abstract:
Kernel:

Outline-----
Recall group actions
Modular arithmetic
Normal subgroup
Quotient Spaces
Sylow Theorems
	In previous work, we introduced modular arithmetic, abstract groups, and group actions.  We continue with those concepts now in order to more fully round out our foundation in group theory.
	Recall the definition of modular arithmetic: for a given n, we consider numbers to be equivalent to their remainders upon division by n.  For n = 5, numbers like 1,6 and 11 are equivalent, while numbers like 3, 8, and 13 are equivalent.  Addition is defined by first adding the underlying integers, and then returning the equivalence class of the resulting sum.  SImilarly, we define multiplication by multiplying the underlying integers, and then returning the resulting product.
Because of the way the equivalence relation is defined, subtraction works in a similar fashion to additon.  It is with division where things become interesting.  Division is defined by multiplicative inverse.  Find a number a such that 3a =1, and then when we write divide by 3 we mean multiply by a.  This has the advantage tha we do not have to define a new operation; rather, we can rely on multiplication.  However, it does require that such an inverse exists in the first place.
To better understand multiplicative inverses, we must better understand division and remainders.  For this, we turn to the Euclidean algorithm.
From the Euclidean algorithm, the equiivalence classes with multiplicative inverses modulo n are exactly those which are coprime to n.  If n = pq is composite, then p and q are less than n and thus represent nonzero equivalence classes whose product is equivalent to zero; there is no sensible way to define a multiplicative inverse for such numbers.  If n is prime, then every nonzero class is coprime, and thus has an inverse.
We now shift our focus to abstract groups.  At this early stage, there are two basic paths: study more group actions, or attempt to better understand the structure of the group.  Because choice is an illusion, we will do both.
The order of each element divides the order of the group
Acting on itself on the left produces cosets
Natural to assume that cosets form a group, they do not in general
Condition for normal subgroup leads naturally to conjugation
Aside about commutators.
Sylow theorems.

Draft-----
