Concrete:
Abstract:
Kernel:

Outline-----
Cantors argument
Missing numbers
Arithmetic condition
Construct Liouvilles number
Roths theorem

	We begin by counting.  For the everyday, saying two sets have the same number of elements is routine: count the elements in each set, and compare the sums.  As we consider larger sets, our patience to count erodes and we are left to find a rigorous definition.  This is particularly clear when we consider infinite sets, as our intuition can lead us astray. Consider the natural numbers and the integers.  Intuitively, the integers are larger: every natural number is contained in the integers, but there are infinitely many integers which are not natural numbers.  However, the size of both sets is unbounded, so it also makes intuitive sense to say they are the same size.  What we need is a sensible definition to guide our path forward.
	We return to our small sets, only this time we refuse to count.  Instead, approach the problem through identifiication.  For every element on the left, we identify a unique element on the right.  The specifics of the identification are not terribly important; all that matters is that each element on the left has a unique opposite on the right.
	Returning to the integers and the natural numbers, we apply the new definition.  There are no structural restrictions for the identification, so we allow our creativity to take over.  As one example, for each natural number, we can write it as either 2n or 2n+1.  In the former case, we map it to the integer n, in the latter case we map it to the integer -n.  One can proceed in a similar fashion with other infinite sets, showing that the rationals and the algebraic numbers have the same cardinality as the integers, while the plane has the same cardinality as the line.
	Before making the obvious comparison between the natural numbers and the line, a comment should be made about all these comparisons.  It is nonsense to say that the natural numbers are similar to the integers, which are then similar to the rationals, which are then simiarl to the algebraic numbers.  The most glaring issue is that each set is properly contained in the next.  Further, that a 1 dimensional line should be the same size as a two dimensional plane would also be nonsense.  The dissonance between our intuition and the preceding arguments is largely due to structure.  When we consider each set, we tend to also consider their natural structure.  The natural numbers can be increased, the integers can be added, the rational numbers can be multiplied and the algebraic numbers are solutions to polynomials.  Each set can be identified with a subset of the next which is consistent with this structure, providing the impression that each set is getting bigger.  The line and the plane also have structures, and there are many ways of identifying the latter with a subset of the former such that these structures are consistent.  Generally, we restrict ourselves to maps which preserve these structures, allowing for the study of the structure as well as the underlying points.  However, we are unconcerned with structure today.  These spaces are only understood as sets with cardinality, and the maps we use reflect that.
	For a scenario with the minimum amout of structure, it may be surprising that something non trivial can be said.  Just as a set of 5 elements and a set of 3 elements have different cardinality, the set of natural numbers is strictly smaller than the set of real numbers.  To see this, we assume the conclusion is false and find a contradiction.  The conclusion is that the natural numbers are strictly smaller than the real numbers.  Declaring this to be false means there is some mapping from the natrual numbers to the real numbers which produces each real number.  For each natural number k, we can write down the mapped real number in decimal form, with the convention that terminal decimals are instead represented by repeating 9.  With this mapping, we politely consider the followign real number.  Its tenths digit is the tenths digit of the first number, its hundredths digit is the hundredths digit of the second number.  Generally, the 10^k digit is the 10^k digit for the kth real number.  
Draft-----
