Concrete:
Abstract:
Kernel:

Outline-----
Proliferation of zeta functions
Eulers approach
Dirichlets approach
Riemanns Approach

Most people are introduced to the concept of the zeta function through the original.  Riemann defined the now eponymous zeta function with the goal of studying the distribution of the prime numbers.  Since then, the pattern has been mimicked many times, creating a large number of functions in its image.  Often they are also named zeta functions (or L functions, as will be explained) and have some structural similarity to the original.  On the one hand, these constructions can often be disapointing: like the original, the constructions lead to incredible conjectures and considerable excitement.  Also like the original, the conjections turn out to be difficult to prove in their own right, and the excitement is quickly tempered with futility.  A bright spot, however, is that while many zeta functions have yet to yield success, there have been instaces where the approach has borne fruit; and when this has happened the results have been extraordinary.
The story of the zeta function begins with a proof of Euler.  It was shown by Euclid that there were infinite prime numbers.  The goal for Euler was to demonstrate a stronger statement.  Given a sequence of natural numbers, we can consider the sequence of their inverses.  From here, we can ask if the resulting series diverges.  The more closely packed the original sequence is, the faster the sequence will grow and the more likely the series will diverge.  There are many sets of integers which are infinite, but whose series of inverses is a finite sum.  In this sense, determining whether such a series diverges is a refinement to the question how big is this infinite set.
Euler began with the harmonic series.  This is the sum of the inverses of the natural numbers.  There is a simple argument to see that this series diverges: we proceed through the sequence, grouping terms in the following way.  Each term is strictly less than the a power of 2, so each grouping sums to a bit more than a half.  Because there are infinite collections, this is adding one half an infinite number of times, and sum grows without bound.
Because we will need it in a short while, we take the time to observe the following.  If the series of a function diverges, then the improper integral of that function must also diverge.  To see this, graph the function and approximate the integral with rectangles on the right.  The area of the rectangles represents the series, and is thus unbounded.  And the area under the curve is clearly larger, so it must be unbounded as well.  At present, we have only demonstrated one function which has a divergent series, so this result is only applicable to the integral of that function.  In particular, it shows that the logarithm of an unbounded number is unbounded.
With these facts, we proceed with Eulers proof.  First, we separate the
It is reasonable to object that this proof lacks some amount of rigour.  This would be improved upon when Dirichlet modified the method.
Like Euclid and Euler, Dirichlet was interested in the distribution of the prime numbers.  Specifically, for fixed numbers a,b, how many primes were of the form a + bn.  An immediate observation is that if a and b are both divisible by a third number c, then each number a + bn must also be divisible by c, and thus cannot be prime.  It is for this reason we will only consider numbers a,b which are coprime.  To address the concerns of arithmetic and infinity, we createa  function where s is strictly greater than 1.  Now we are working with a series that converges absolutely, and the usual dificulties become more manageable.
We would like to repeat the earlier computation.  However, this will require us to isolate the numbers of the form a + bn in a way that will not interfere with the necessary calculations.
The proofs of Euler and Dirichlet amounted to defining a function where s > 1 and analyizing the behavior when s approaches 1.  Riemann took expanded on this approach by defining zeta(s) for complex s.  By expanding to the complex numbers, the divergent sum as s approaches 1 can instead be understood as a simple pole, leaving the remainder of the complex plane available for analysis.
Draft-----
